>> ARE WE REALLY GOING TO GET
WET ON THIS RIDE?
I JUST GOT MY HAIR DONE.
>> SWEETIE, CAN YOU JUST TRY TO
HAVE A GOOD TIME SINCE IT'S YOUR
BIRTHDAY?
>> YOU'RE RIGHT.
TAKING ME TO UNIVERSAL STUDIOS
IS AS GOOD AS GOING TO PARIS
AFTER ALL.
>> OH, BABE, TWO SEATS IN THIS
ONE!
OH, COME ON!
SHAKE A BUTT!
>> COMING, BABE.
>> WHOA, IT'S A LITTLE SHAKY.
I GOT YOU.
>> OH, MY GOSH.
>> YEAH.
>> I'M EXCITED TO SEE REAL
DINOSAURS.
>> OH, YEAH, BABE.
THEY'RE NOT REAL.
THEY'RE STUFFED.
OH, MY GOD, GENE!
LOOK AT THIS.
NO FREAKING WAY!
I HAVEN'T SEEN YOU IN, WHAT,
LIKE TWO, THREE YEARS?
THAT'S CRAZY, HUH?
LAST TIME I SAW YOU, YOU WAS
WITH YOUR WIFE.
YOU GUYS BREAK UP?
>> NO.
THIS IS HER.
>> OH, WHOA.
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU, HONEY?
>> WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
IS THAT GOOD OR BAD?
>> HEY, YOU REMEMBER GEMMA,
HUH?
>> HI, I'M GEMMA.
I'M BRITISH.
THIS IS MY PIG PIPSQUEAK.
SHE'S BRITISH, TOO.
>> HELLO.
OKAY, FOLKS.
WELCOME TO JURASSIC RIVER
RAPIDS.
AS A REMINDER, THIS RIDE DOES
GET WET.
SO YOU WILL WANT TO SECURE YOUR
VALUABLES IN THAT CENTER CONSOLE
RIGHT THERE.
AND I'M SORRY, IS THAT A PIG?
>> YEAH, I THINK SO.
THIS IS YOUR PIG, RIGHT, BABE?
>> YEAH.
IT'S A MINI PIG.
WE DRESS ALIKE.
>> OH, GENE, SHE DRESSES LIKE A
PIG.
HOW HOT IS THAT, HUH?
YOU ABOUT TO POP THROUGH THOSE
BUTTON FLY SHORTS?
>> GENE, YOU'RE NOT GOING TO
BUST YOUR NEW SHORTS, ARE YOU?
>> I HOPE NOT.
>> JUST DON'T.
>> OKAY, WELL, NO MATTER WHAT
I STILL CAN'T LET YOU HAVE ANY
ANIMALS ON THE RIDE.
SO I'M GOING TO HAVE TO HOLD HIM
FOR YOU.
>> OH, OKAY.
BYE-BYE, PIPS.
MOMMY LOVES YOU SO MUCH.
[ BABY TALKING ]
>> OH, GENE.
SHE'S TALKING BEDTIME TALK TO
THE PIG.
IS YOUR FLY GETTING AS STRAINED
AS MINE?
I MEAN, I COULD HEAR MY ZIPPER
GO, "WHOA,WHOA!
I CAN'T HOLD!
I CAN'T HOLD!"
HEY, GENE, WHAT DO YOUR BUTTONS
SOUND LIKE?
>> I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE LIKE, "BOOP."
>> DOES BOOP MEAN YOUR BUTTON
POPPED, GENE?
>> CAREFUL, HE BITES AND KICKS.
>> OKAY.
MAKE SURE YOU ARE ALL BUCKLED
IN.
AND WATCH OUT FOR THOSE
VELOCIRAPTORS.
>> OOH, WE'RE MOVING!
>> I KNOW, RIGHT.
HERE WE GO.
DINO TIME!
LIKE THAT SKINNY BLACK GUY USED
TO SAY.
>> I THINK HE USED TO SAY
"DYNO-MITE."
>> YEAH.
>> I'VE GOT A SONG CALLED
"DYNAMITE."
>> OH, YEAH, GEMMA'S A SINGER.
YOU REMEMBER THAT?
>> OH, YEAH, I ACTUALLY DO.
YOU HAVE A LOVELY VOICE.
>> GENE, DUCK.
>> OH, MY GOD.
WHY DID YOU JUST TELL HIM TO
DUCK?
>> OH, BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW YOUR
NAME, GIRL.
>> WELL, MY NAME --
>> HANG ON.
GEMMA WAS ABOUT TO SING.
YOU CAN TELL US AFTER.
HEY, GENE, DUCK.
>> WHY?
>> OH, YOU SHOULD HAVE TOLD ME
YOUR NAME, I GUESS.
>> GIVE ME A BEAT, BABE.
>> YOU GOT IT, BABE.
♪ BOOM BOOM BLAST HEY
BOOM BOOM BLAST HEY ♪
♪ GOT ALL IN THE CLUB
SHAKIN' THEIR ASS
GIRLS ARE JEL
CAUSE I'M THE BEST ♪
♪ BUT BOY YOU BETTER RUN
'CAUSE I'M DANGEROUS ♪
♪ THAT'S WHY THEY CALL ME
DYNO-MITE
I JUST MIGHT
BLOW YOU A WAY ♪
♪ BOOM BOOM BLAST HEY ♪
>> OH, WOW.
THAT WAS REALLY GREAT.
RIGHT, HONEY?
>> WELL, I WOULD DANCE TO THAT.
>> HEY, GENE, TELL YOUR FRIEND
TO DUCK.
[ SCREAMING ]
[ ROARING ]
>> HEY!
>> ALL RIGHT, GUYS.
YOU SURVIVED YOUR ADVENTURE.
HOPE YOU ENJOYED THE RIDE.
AND BY THE WAY, YOU WEREN'T
LYING.
THIS PIG KICKS AND BITES AND IS
VERY NASTY.
>> HEY, HEY!
DON'T TALK ABOUT GENE'S WIFE
THAT WAY.
I'M GONNA KILL THIS GUY.
>> OH, NO, I'M TALKING ABOUT THE
PIG.
>> IT'S HIS WIFE, DUDE.
>> CAN YOU HELP ME?
I THINK MY SEAT BELT IS STUCK.
>> OH, NICE.
YOU GET TO GO TWICE.
>> BUT I DON'T WANT TO GO TWICE.
>> CAN YOU JUST HAVE FUN, HONEY?
>> BYE, GENE'S WIFE.
WE'LL MISS YA.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]